README.md, before:

# Capistrano::SlackNotify

Capistrano 2 deploy notifier for Slack.

![Sample Slack output for success.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/parkr/capistrano-slack-notify/master/screenshot.png)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano-slack-notify'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capistrano-slack-notify

## Usage

`capistrano-slack-notify` defines two tasks:

Add the following to your `Capfile`:

```ruby
require 'capistrano-slack-notify'

set :slack_webhook_url,   "https://hooks.slack.com/services/XXX/XXX/XXX"

before 'deploy', 'slack:starting'
after  'deploy', 'slack:finished'
before 'deploy:rollback', 'slack:failed'
after 'deploy:rollback', 'slack:rolled_back'
```

That's it! It'll send 2 messages to `#general` as the `capistrano` user when you deploy.

The tasks are:

- `slack:starting`    - the intent-to-deploy message
- `slack:finished`    - the completion message
- `slack:failed`      - the failure message
- `slack:rolled_back` - the rollback message

**None of the tasks are automatically added**, you have to do that yourself,
like in the usage example above.

You can optionally set some other parameters to customize the output:

```ruby
set :slack_room,     '#my_channel' # defaults to #platform
set :slack_username, 'my-company-bot' # defaults to 'capistrano'
set :slack_emoji,    ':ghost:' # defaults to :rocket:
set :deployer,       ENV['USER'].capitalize # defaults to ENV['USER']
set :slack_app_name, 'example-app' # defaults to :application
set :slack_color,    false # defaults to true
set :slack_destination, fetch(:stage, 'production') # where your code is going
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/parkr/capistrano-slack-notify/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

feature: add changelog capability to slack notification

README.md, after:

# Capistrano::SlackNotify

Capistrano 2 deploy notifier for Slack.

![Sample Slack output for success.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/parkr/capistrano-slack-notify/master/screenshot.png)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano-slack-notify'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capistrano-slack-notify

## Usage

`capistrano-slack-notify` defines two tasks:

Add the following to your `Capfile`:

```ruby
require 'capistrano-slack-notify'

set :slack_webhook_url,   "https://hooks.slack.com/services/XXX/XXX/XXX"

before 'deploy', 'slack:starting'
after  'deploy', 'slack:finished'
before 'deploy:rollback', 'slack:failed'
after 'deploy:rollback', 'slack:rolled_back'
```

That's it! It'll send 2 messages to `#general` as the `capistrano` user when you deploy.

The tasks are:

- `slack:starting`    - the intent-to-deploy message
- `slack:finished`    - the completion message
- `slack:failed`      - the failure message
- `slack:rolled_back` - the rollback message

**None of the tasks are automatically added**, you have to do that yourself,
like in the usage example above.

You can optionally set some other parameters to customize the output:

```ruby
set :slack_room,     '#my_channel' # defaults to #platform
set :slack_username, 'my-company-bot' # defaults to 'capistrano'
set :slack_emoji,    ':ghost:' # defaults to :rocket:
set :deployer,       ENV['USER'].capitalize # defaults to ENV['USER']
set :slack_app_name, 'example-app' # defaults to :application
set :slack_color,    false # defaults to true
set :slack_destination, fetch(:stage, 'production') # where your code is going
set :slack_add_changelog, true # defauts to false, add the git changelog to the slack notifiation
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/parkr/capistrano-slack-notify/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
